it's rugged country it's very it's some
of the rugged country in North America
my son's name is Dylan red yeah and his
dad texted me a little while ago and
said he could not find Dylan you know in
the back of your mind that it's not
going to end
good bring if you show us today show
where he's at today I guarantee you I'll
cut you loose but Tom I can't help you
with that because I don't know what
Dylan's at I want everybody to know how
much I love that
boy I want you to do something to find
Dylan I don't like you I hate you and
you have been nothing of a
father I was horrified the pictures are
you know of Mark in women's clothing are
the photos genuine no they are not when
I laid eyes on that skull I just I knew
in my heart it was Dylan here here just
keep hands up don't move by okay he uh
was I think shocked and surprised he
thought he was off the hook I felt it
was about damn time do you love your
father I still love him
[Music]
I
I I wish I didn't have to be
[Music]
here wife is in a barain said she's
been this is what he's going to tell you
to get out of that situation and I
grabbed the gun to find the first place
to put a body no sir the only thing they
could do was kill it you want to say
anything we the jury and find the
[Music]
defendant please prepare dispatch hi my
name is elain redwine and um my son
Dylan redwine was visiting his dad up in
Durango and his dad texted me a little
while ago and said he could not find
Dylan 13 years old okay so he's staying
with his dad and what's the dad's name
Mark Mark red wine um does he have any
idea where he may have
gone not according to him no I was very
scared for my son I mean my son wasn't
even there for 24 hours and he's missing
I mean that doesn't
happen I just got in my car and had to
go to Durango cuz I lived 6 hours away
and try and find my
[Music]
son it's rugged country it's very it's
some of the rugged country in North
America and my concern was the the
weather for the that night was supposed
to go below freezing
I wound up being out till 12:30 1:00
that night and one of the notable things
that I saw is that uh Mark never came
out never talked to me and he wound up
turning all the lights off in his house
like he went to bed which is very
unusual usually somebody would light up
the house like a
beacon so what we'll do is we'll give
you up within days hundreds of people
had volunteered to help search for Dylan
red wine some people for the terrain up
the hill some for between the lake and
the road Dylan's Father Mark pushed for
the search to Center on the area around
a Mountain Lake Dam about 7 m away he
described Dylan as a big fisherman that
he loved to go fishing all the time he
said that um he couldn't find his
fishing pole and that the fishing pole
was
missing and that he liked to go fishing
down by the dam and we're walking along
the edges of this
road trying to find possibly Dylan's
backpack volunteer Kathy Barry recorded
the search around the dam for a Facebook
page dedicated to Dylan the terrain was
really steep um the road along the lake
it just drops straight down on the side
and goes down into the water down onto
the bank Dylan's mom is in front of
me and she's doing pretty good good
she's holding it together pretty good
and you always feel the worst because
he's not there but we always tried to
keep hope because I felt if I lost
hope you know then everybody else would
as well um but you know as a mom you
know in the back of your mind that it's
not going to end
good and you guys are friends of Dylan's
right yeah right and Ryan you were the
last person to talk to Dylan on Sunday
night right yes and so tell me what was
going on you guys were just texting and
yeah uh he sounded really excited to
come over he was actually supposed to
stay the night but decided not to for
some reason I don't know why and then we
decided that he would just come over at
6:30 in the morning that's just what he
asked and I I said that was fine and so
I said in the alarm and I woke up and
time and he never showed
up so anything else you guys want to say
about your friend Dylan hope he comes
home soon yeah hope he comes home
soon people would come out ask what they
could do did you check here did you
check here where a kid might be nothing
loving God we pray first and most of all
for Dylan we know that you are aware
of where he is
and what his needs
are and so we pray for him now when I
think of the word Dylan the first thing
that comes to my mind is perfect and for
this to happen to him is just horrible
cuz he doesn't deserve it Dylan's Father
Mark spoke about his son in the past
tense I want everybody to know how much
I love that boy and how much I cared
about him he was such a wonderful
boy he met
everything and unfortunately his mom and
I don't see eye to eye on things and I
wish that could
change I asked him I said did you and
Dylan get into a fight and he said no
and I said well Dylan wouldn't just
leave or run away without either texting
me or Cory the first thing I told Mark
you know is this is your responsibility
and we got to we got to find him um
what' you do with Dylan
soon sheriff's deputies and the FBI were
asking Mark redwine the same question
and the family Blame Game
escalated obviously it's no secret that
I I believe that lane could be involved
in this you know I don't know how she
would do it I don't know who else she
would have involved with it but I can't
help but think that there's possibility
that she had some involvement with this
he had some really bad answers at the
end of the first
interview uh because he blamed Elaine
Dylan's mom for his dis for Dylan's
disappearance and said it's probably her
fault and he thought that Dylan had just
run away because of problems with the
lane Dylan had flown into Durango to
spend the Thanksgiving week with his
father as part of a court-ordered
visitation he did not want to go I mean
he was okay
going um because he wanted to see his
friends in that area but my mom was
pretty sick with cancer and we knew it
would probably be her last Thanksgiving
and Dylan really wanted to spend it with
my
mom I called my lawyer and you know said
what can I do and she said really
nothing it's a court order you know you
really need to put him on the
plane it did not appear that this was a
happy reunion um even in the airport
when Dylan first got off the plane there
was no Smiles there were no hugs the
first stop was a Walmart to buy some
movie DVDs
you know in the cameras in the Walmart
Dylan and Mark are not together shopping
together Dylan is texting the friend he
had wanted to spend the night with
[Music]
Ryan so Dylan's already asserting
himself to say he's there on a mandated
visit but he doesn't want to spend time
with Dad the last time Dylan was seen
alive was after he and his father left
the Walmart stopped for a hamburger and
headed to Mark's
home as Mark describes it they're not
real warm towards each other at first
but they start rough housing you know I
asked a couple times was anybody hurt in
this thing and no no nobody's hurt at
9:46 that night Dylan's phone stopped
[Music]
working bring home bring
Home
D two months after Dylan disappeared his
mother elain and brother Cory joined a
protest outside Mark red win's
home where is our budy Cory's getting
ready to do another
interview well right now know
um he was the last person to see him and
he's not you know helping out with you
know um giving us answers we have
questions to so until we can put all the
attention back on Dylan we got to get it
off the last person to see Dylan and
right now and he's making it as hard as
he can to get the attention off of
him there's still a lot of doubt in me
that he didn't have anything to do with
it do you think he did have something to
do I
do with the FBI's help sheriff's
deputies carried out a search warrant on
Mark Red win's House his eyes were
bloodshot but it didn't seem like like
he was crying to me it looks
staged uh as like he was looking like he
was
emotional the cadav dogs uh alerted to
human remains um the odor of human
remains within Mark's Mark red win's
house and the back of his uh
pickup we knew something had likely
happened in the house when he said the
rough housing no one was hurt our
thoughts were something else had
happened and that the rough housing was
explaining something else and to move
forward was to take the polygraph and
Sheriff's investigator Tom Cohen pressed
red wine to come clean after delivering
the results of a light detector test
you've taken it once Elaine took it once
she passed it and you failed it he was
found to be deceptive uh specifically to
the question of do you know where Dylan
red wine is and he failed miserably
if you lead us to him I absolutely
guarantee you that I would not arrest
you today if you told me where Dylan is
today when you take me to Dylan show me
where he's at we'll drop you back off at
your car at your house and we get Dyan
back and you go on with your life
because what's more important is we want
him back
home I want that
if you show us
today show show where he's at today just
bring us there I guarantee you I'll cut
you loose I'm not going to rest you
today but Tom I can't help you with that
because I don't know where D's
at and I think you
do I know you do if he fell down
accidentally and hurt himself and he
freaked out and panicked and you put him
somewhere
you know
um it's it's better to get in in front
of this than to have somebody down the
road find him and then
oh what do we do now you know he's in a
shallow grave this doesn't look good
last scene by
dad or you can just tell us where he's
at and work work with us and we'll deal
with all the
the other stuff later I'm not going to
sit here and admit to you that I've done
something that didn't happen that I
didn't
do and if that's what you're waiting on
then we're going to be waiting a long
time for that I got all the time in the
world I just when's enough enough what I
mean when's it going to be too much for
you to hide and Mark redwine had a lot
to hide as investigators would learn
from his other son Cory we were in
Cleveland we were on a a trip with Mark
um we were you know went to I believe a
baseball game that day Mark was asleep
late at night in the hotel room Dylan
had borrowed his father's computer Cory
Cory kir I got to show you these
pictures we came across a deleted file
um it showed all the pictures that had
recently been
deleted I was horrified the pictures are
you know of Mark
in women's clothing I think he's got a
red shirt on um wearing women's panty
hose and underwear um you know and he
relieves himself in his diaper and you
know he cleans it you know with his
mouth and that's when I pulled out my
cell phone um and just took a few few
pictures of of what was on the laptop
it's a place my mind never dreamed of
you know going let alone seeing it you
know in my own father you know so um
it you know it's it's a terrible thing
I'll have in my mind
forever I told Dylan after we we saw the
pictures you know you we got to keep
this between me and you I didn't want
Mark knowing that we had those pictures
and we knew about it but 13-year-old
Dylan as sweet as everyone said he was
never held back if something bothered
him he didn't like to be quieted so if
he if he felt a certain way he would
make sure that you knew how he felt he
was just honest and to the point they
had gotten into an argument about me and
my mom being a good example for Dylan
and Dylan wanted those pictures to show
Mark you
know what we had seen a assass
[Music]
I could feel the frustration and the the
fire through you know of in Dylan um so
I knew he was really upset I ended up
sending those pictures to Mark after
Dylan had asked for him I wish I
wouldn't have sent them at
all that's that's Dylan trying to get
some power so he can go up against dad
like he had seen his older brother do
and so we believe that's what happened
and Dylan has that that uh as he would
call called weapon against Mark and it's
a pretty good one FR take this is going
to be a changing day in your life but
with Dylan still missing Mark's secret
was about to become very public and
become a key part of the investigation
as a likely motive Elaine Corey and Mark
redwin all agreed to appear on the Dr
Phil show holding nothing back I don't
like you I hate you and you have been
nothing of a father I want you to do
something to find Dylan Dylan is
everything me my whole world evolves
around Dylan are the photos genuine no
they are not so that's not you in the
photos no I'm not arguing that it's my
face in the photos what I'm arguing is
the fact that they were fabricated
because it was actually I believe that
Elaine and Corey were coming into my
house and rumaging through my things and
going through my personal belongings
when I traveled out of town I came up
with a scheme that had to be so
outrageous that they could not talk
about it and that's exactly what I got
out of that did I ever intend to be
sitting here on your show having this
conversation with you or them absolutely
not so you're saying they broke into
your house and fabricated these pictures
no no no no no I fabricated the pictures
and left them
available I never let on to anyone but I
think that's when I knew that Dylan was
no longer alive just by Mark's remarks
and his body language and his actions um
it made me fear the
worst this is a really serious serious
matter among the millions of people who
watch the red wine family on Dr Phil's
program thank you for being here today
so long were the authorities back in
Colorado who obtained the videos as
possible evidence it brought Mark
forward um and and put him um at the
Center of uh of the controversy so well
what are your thoughts on that whole
thing I think it was a public format for
Elaine and Cory catholically accused me
of doing something with
Dylan
and I I expected too much from Dr Phil
the Dr Phil show resulted in hundreds of
leads and tips but none panned out I
mean everything leads back to you Mark I
mean we have systematically ruled out a
ton of people you say everything that
you do in
life it's for Dyan you want to do right
for Dyan just take us two
Dy and cut you loose that's what I want
too I know to you probably doesn't seem
that way
but actions speak louder than words Mark
I don't think you're a guy who has a
Bower's body that would purposely do
something like that but you know if it
was an
accident um you know we can work with
that you can't undo something that has
gone horribly wrong but you can make
aend for something you
invol you can always ask for
forgiveness all right well I'll take
that all into
consideration they didn't have that
Smoking Gun
there was not enough information we
didn't you know you don't go forward on
a criminal investigation with no body
and I think it was very difficult for
people to believe that a father could
kill a
son you know I mean fathers don't just
kill their sons the winter weather had
shut down much of the search effort for
Dylan once snow hits the High Country
you can't get up there nothing nothing
all winter especially on middle Mountain
where we want to search they closed the
mountain in the winter so you can't even
get up there but once the snow melted
The Searchers were finally able to
access the middle Mountain
Area um my stepfather caught him up on
the mountain early one morning and I got
the call that uh Mark was just cited
coming off middle Mountain Road and
that's what turned our attention to
Middle Mountain
Road uh 35 handlers Dog Handlers
numerous dogs we had ATV Searchers we
had horseback Searchers we had repelling
teams come in it was a a 4-day search uh
it was um during that search that a Nike
Air Jordan size seven youth was found
that was the
Breakthrough the shoe appearing to match
the one Dylan was seen wearing is in the
Walmart surveillance video uh the next
day uh we had the the search dogs the
human remain dogs in that area they one
dog alerted on two
bones while those two bones were being
collected I looked down and found a long
bone the bones were
Dylan this is investigator Tanya gbri
this is a phone call to Mark red
wine this Mark hey Mark it's
Tanya Hi how are
you I'm wonderful how are you oh I'm
living the dream the dream are you
intoxicated Mark nope not at all okay
then why are you talking to me like that
because
because you can't seem to think no
deeper than the surface uh he told me to
pull my head out of the sociopaths ass
and that women are only good for one
thing and it's not cooking in cleaning
because I'll be honest with you T I
don't think you're capable of handling a
situ really don't you think it's pretty
amazing we found any remains up on
middle mountain in the middle of nowhere
yeah know 2% of Dylan's remains do not
constitute him being found so you know
what yes it does he's dead we know that
now if we hadn't gone up there and
looked we wouldn't have known that so 2%
of Dylan's remains constitutes him being
found I'd like to find the rest of him
but yes we know what happened we know
he's no longer with us but there was
still no skull no Cranium which would
likely hold the clues to Dylan's cause
of death Mark made a comment to me
several
times about
how there had only been 2% of Dylan's
remaining found so they can never prove
he was murdered but other bits and
pieces of the investigative puzzle began
to fall in the place Mark said that he
when he was moving his four-wheeler out
of the garage uh he found the fishing
pole in the
garage uh which is impossible it had
been searched and photographed
and I don't know where it came from but
it was back the feudal search around the
lake and the dam had all been based on
the supposedly missing fishing pole the
fact that he had tried to use this Ploy
uh and then was foolish enough to say
that he had found it you know just
indicated that he was being very
dishonest with law
enforcement and then in
2015 almost 3 years after Dylan
disappeared hikers found a skull about a
mile away 6 Miles by Road from where the
other bones had been located when I laid
eyes on that skull I just I knew in my
heart it was Dylan there was no question
I had no question about it and that was
in 15 I thought okay now we're going to
move forward and again we still didn't
move
forward um so in 2017 a lot of stuff
changed in the plot
County the election that year brought a
new district attorney Christian
champagne who had been working on the
case as a deputy district attorney the
new DA just pressed for Worden said you
know we're going to get a grand jury and
let's see what a grand jury says and I
just told them to stick with us it was
going to be a long road it was going to
take a while but that we were going to
get to justice for Dylan here here the
grand jury returned an indictment of red
wine for second deegree murder and child
just keep your hands up don't move Bud
okay Mark was in Washington state
working as a trucker when the indictment
came down do not move he uh was I think
shocked and surprised uh a warrant for
murder second for you I have no what
that's started I'm sorry I have no idea
what that's about he had become pretty
confident that we were never going to
bring charges against him that we had
never developed any evidence against him
so he thought he was off the
hook I felt it was about damn time
[Music]
we are live in Colorado where the case
is about to proceed against Mark redwine
in the second degree murder case in the
death of his 13-year-old son Dylan
redwine did not face the more serious
first-degree murder charge which carries
a mandatory life sentence here in
Colorado first-degree murder requires
plan or premeditation ahead of time we
did not have evidence that he plotted to
to kill Dylan
uh so second deegree murder and child
abuse resulting in death were the right
charges for our case it had been almost
9 years since Dylan had disappeared but
for his mother Elaine it seemed like
yesterday spend a couple minutes telling
the jury about him okay Dylan was sweet
he was funny um he was charismatic he
was um very empathetic he really cared
about people and their feelings um very
sweet
there tissues to the left if you need
them you have water with you mark red
wine in the courtroom here today yes
he's wearing a blue shirt and gray suit
there was plenty of eye contact
and I am not afraid of him anymore and
so I refuse to look away all I'm showing
you what's been previously mitt into
evidence of equals one 2 and three can
you take a look at those those I've seen
those a million
times what are
those they're pictures of illan his
friend Adam and J taken the day before
he left to visit his father any injuries
sores or cuts to his face or lips no and
then her final unanswered text messages
to Dylan
how's it going son you
okay all right I know this is I can only
imagine how hard this is I'm really
sorry thank you the final text message
in this exhibit what do you say in that
text message M
[Music]
Hall I said Dylan please be safe
mom is here to come get you
son Elaine had been unrelenting in her
efforts to point a finger of blame at
her ex-husband you were the last person
to see Dylan that's been confirmed and
that became a defense line of attack on
cross-examination I've always said that
I believe that he had a hand in Dylan's
disappearance yes okay and you've told
that to a lot of people okay sure
I mean you don't have to go anymore they
know your answer you've gone on national
television and iterated that opinion
correct yeah and you've iterated that
opinion to law enforcement correct yes
and you've iterated that opinion to um
Facebook platforms
correct yes do you recall making any
comments on the Facebook page arrest
Mark redwind no
you recall making any comments on arrest
in prison Mark redwine Facebook page
no you know you're talking about The
Grieving mother uh of of a Lost Child a
murdered child uh and to try to attack
her and trash her character um and say
that she was you know making this about
a vendetta revenge against Mark I think
really fell flat now the jurors were
about to see the compromising photos of
Mark red wi and we showed them for a
very specific and limited purpose which
is to show that there was conflict and a
potential motive um for for Mark to lash
out against Dylan um for Dylan to have
confronted his father with these
photographs and that that would have
been an example of uh some of the
conflict that could have led to Mark
lashing
out did you please start by introducing
yourself to the jury by your full name
Cory Allen redwind was there a point in
time when Dylan used the defendant's
computer yes did he find something on
the computer yes can you explain to the
jury what he found um he found pictures
of Mark dressed in women's clothing um
wearing a diaper um taking selfies of
him wearing the clothing um wearing the
diaper um eating the feces that was in
the diaper um and uh just that's pretty
much it how did he react to seeing those
photographs of his father um he was
pretty
disgusted Dylan
lost uh um any reasons for him to look
up to to mark that day and then
prosecutors showed the jury a clip from
the Dr Phil show you're saying they
broke into your house that and
fabricated these pictures no no no no no
I fabricated the pictures and left them
available so is there any reason back
then for him to plant photos like that
for you or for Dylan no do you love your
father
Yes you wish you're here under different
circumstances seeing your father Yes to
this very day how do you feel about him
I still love him
I I
I wish I didn't have to be
[Music]
here not all jurors would believe that's
a motive for murder a motive to kill
your own child if they see a picture of
you crossdressing on a computer that is
going to be a hard sell if well if that
were all there was the jury wants to see
hard evidence that this man killed his
son so the prosecution actually
recreated Mark red win's living room in
a courtroom down the hall and brought
the jury in they could see the layout
they could see the distances uh and they
could see the actual pieces of evidence
um with their own eyes there was blood
on the couches there was blood on the
floor there was blood on the coffee
table and at least one of the
deposits was 100% Dylan red win's blood
that was probably some of our strongest
evidence and that area was right in here
for this dick but Dylan was a frequent
visitor to his father's home and the
prosecution witnesses could not say when
the blood had been left there or that it
meant a crime had been committed having
been to over 1,000 crime scenes you know
how to find evidence of violent
struggles and fights correct if it's
present yes and in your initial walk
through I want to focus your attention
on that
you didn't find any evidence of a
violent struggle or a fight or blood
liing event in your initial walkthrough
correct that is
[Music]
correct this is a model of a human skull
the final days of the trial focused on
who or what killed Dylan redwine the
significance is that I believe that this
is associated with blond trauma but the
defense focused on the fact the skull
was found in an area where bears and
mountain lions roam freely obviously
some sort of sizable animal bit left
puncture marks on that part of the
cranium coyote Fox Bear Mountain
Li
um yes you can't rule out that this
fracture comes from either a bear
getting really after the the ranium and
biting down on it and crunching on
it so we knew that they wanted to make
that the center of their case and the
center of their attack on us and that an
animal or something caused in nature
could have been responsible for the
fractures on the skull you know we have
bear we have mountain lion uh but they
generally they don't move their prey
more than about a quarter of a mile
Dylan skull was found more than a mile
away from his other remains it's
possible that a bear could carry a skull
that far too physically right yes and
it's possible that a mountain lion could
carry a skull that far physically right
physically yes have you ever seen
anything like that in your career uh
Bears and Lions
no they were never able to put together
the pieces to make a plausible argument
about how Dylan would have gotten up on
this mountain side uh in shorts and a
t-shirt um and been attacked by wild
animals uh in in the middle of November
it just didn't it just didn't make sense
all eyes now were on Mark redwine to see
his reaction to see if he would Testify
the jurors they're watching the
defendant very very closely to see what
his reactions look like to watch him as
the Witnesses are talking about Dylan's
murder Dylan's remains I mean a normal
father that lost a son would have
completely fallen to pieces and he never
even reacted at all he never shed a
[Music]
tear red wine opted not to
testify at its core this is a simple and
tragic
case a damaged and deteriorating
relationship that turned deadly on
November 18th 2012 you know Dylan knows
about the poop picks as he calls them I
could show them to you but you remember
them ladies and gentlemen
think about the impact they had on his
13-year-old
son do you think it would have taken
much to Dylan to use them in November to
bring them up to talk about them we know
that Dylan's murder was not caused by an
accident we know Dylan's murder was not
caused by a bear because of all the
evidence that comes before and
everything that he did after and all it
took was a spark to this man end Dylan's
life ladies and
gentlemen when you're ready Mr
boan may please record red ju's lawyer
Justin Bogan delivered the defense
closing arguments We Stand
shoulder-to-shoulder
Mr Mark red
one because it's our honor to stand with
someone who's wrongly excused and the
evidence is so
thin and the
emotions are so hot
so we have government's cases based on
the pictures they introduce the pictures
as
evidence they want you to believe that
these pictures will provide some
Enlightenment to you about the motive
that they ascribe to Mr redwine for
killing his youngest son whom he loves
do
not fall for that the prosecution likes
these pictures a lot
more than they like the tangible and
scientific evidence in this
case they like those pictures more than
they like the fact this uncontested
damage by animals are The Remains the
marks on the cranium are consistent with
animal
damage they are creating this narrative
about rage and anger and photos and
deteriorating relationship and they want
you to latch on to this story because
the actual physical evidence in the case
does not support the mark redwine killed
his
done the trial had lasted for five weeks
the jury returned its verdict in six
hours Mr red would you please stand
up jury verdict count number one murder
in the second degree Le the jury find
the defendant Mark
[Music]
redne guilty of count number one
be quiet please count number two child
abuse we the jury find the defendant
Mark redwine guilty of count to child
abuse he knows what he did he knows I
think he deserves to
die I mean his son died and I think he
needs a equally horrible
death but there is no death penalty in
Colorado and the sentence for second
degree murder ranges from 16 to 48 years
people would bring forward a lane
Hall I'm really nervous so it's okay
bear with me Dylan was 13 years old when
he took his life when I think about what
happened that night it breaks my heart
to think about Dylan looking up at his
dad knowing he's the killer he is my
killer it breaks my heart and I wonder
what were you thinking then when you his
big old blue
eyes I I I mean I don't even think that
it phased you I'm just glad that we are
free from you and that you will not be
free to hurt us
anymore thank you your
honor Mark may have physically taken him
and I can't change that but what I can
do is tell the world how a 13-year-old
young man stood up to his then
50-year-old father and said all the
things I regret never saying
Dylan is my hero and became more of a
man in 13 years than Mark has in
60 do you wish to tell me anything
before sentencing no your honor I do not
but redwine had expressed his thoughts
on the trial in a statement to the
probation office you wrote The
Following and this is a quote from what
you
wrote innocent of all
charges miscarriage of
Justice fake conviction
sham
trial I have trouble remembering a
convicted criminal defendant that has
shown such an utter lack of remorse for
his criminal
Behavior Community needs to be uh
protected from you we need to be removed
from society for a long period of time
I'm going to sentence you to 48 years on
both counts with 5 years of parole they
are to be served concurrently Deputy
Robinson take the defend to Jo thank
[Music]
you I don't think closure is a real part
of losing somebody
personally I can't move on from my son I
can't just close the chapter and pretend
he never existed so I mean I'll always
be sad I'll always mourn his death um
and I'll always celebrate his
life she and her family never gave up on
trying to get Justice for
Dylan you know thank you out
[Music]
just in Colorado alone there's 1500 cold
cases that have gone unsolved and so the
message that I want to send to those
families to those law enforcement
officers that are working on these cases
and to the prosecutors that are
considering whether to come forward into
court and bring these charges is to keep
fighting and never give up
[Music]